[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're gonna try not to spend too long
staring directly at the grown man's butt
crack with Stuart Gordon's castle freak
let's get to it we open on an old lady
in an old kitchen preparing some old-ass
food honestly everything in here is
crusty as hell she carries off the plate
with a bit of a rattle in her breathing
something I'm sure she's gonna get
checked out soon enough as caretaker of
this large estate she's fulfilling her
duty by descending into the family
dungeon and whipping the family [ __ ] who
she then feeds creating somewhat of a
mixed message because this has been her
only cardio for years she has no choice
but to wander upstairs and expire cut
ahead and we find John at Susan Riley
traveling with their blind daughter
Rebecca to the previously featured
Castle John is the last living relative
of the family that owned it and is now
the sole beneficiary of the estate they
intend to inventory the contents and
liquidate as quickly as possible
the Riley's are also mildly estranged
Susan's coldness seems to be so much
justified as we find in a flashback
later on that John drove his kids drunk
in the rain leading to Becky's blindness
and their son's untimely death this
rouses him from his sleep and he goes to
explore strange noise but only ends up
confronting his own inner demons the
housekeeper regales them with an
enchanting story of infanticide stating
that the Duchess who owned the castle
angry at her American baby daddy who is
also John Z ancestor supposedly killed
their son Giorgio in a blind rage in
it's rumored that Georgio's ghost still
haunts the castle the next morning Becky
finds herself in an emo mood when her
learn Italian now tapes taunt her
she'll never need to say that so John
tries to distract her by having her help
with the inventory
he tries finding the good stuff but only
ends up coming across to serving
artifacts like grandma's tools of
intimacy
Becky wanders off to explore annoys and
ends up following an old tabby into the
basement before she can investigate to
thoroughly she's called back by John in
the cell our captive friend is energized
both by the visit and also by the
protein of the kitty it manages to break
himself free we find that Susan gets
upset whenever Becky asserts any degree
of Independence Becky is upset that amid
the fuss no one believes her claim of
hearing a mystery Castle occupants that
evening they enjoy slabs of meat in the
servants quarters while their unexpected
guest makes his way back into place
aasaiya tea when he's angered by the
mirror displaying its truth he provides
another clue of his presence to the
Rileys which is casually explained away
he creeps on Becky that night in her
screams send John off in search of an
opportunity for violence but he ends up
in the mausoleum where pictures that
reminds him of his lost son causes him
to gently tuck away his rage phoner John
tries to show Susan what he found but
the picture of Giorgio is now gone the
rekindling of this trauma sends him into
a despair tailspin so he goes to drown
his sorrows at a pub where he discovers
the rural Italian sex trade flourishing
he gets cut off and run off making it
rain Lera left and right recognizing he
owes the signora glass of wine he takes
her to where he knows of a few bottles
he then almost immediately starts
behaving like he's in a music video and
we see that he's being watched as he
makes an odd choice and he's almost
immediately racked with guilt before she
can leave afterwards our mysterious
friend swipes a bottle and her the next
morning the police arrive and since
Savannah was last seen in John's company
they have some awkward questions to ask
him in front of his wife we find her
waking up and the hooded freak
attempting to recreate the evenings
ritual unfortunately he's missing all
the essential parts which I won't show
you here she tries to class him to get
away but he's an expert chain fighter at
this point and he ends up eviscerating
her the housekeeper here's her
blood-curdling screams and goes to
investigate despite her instinct to flee
and comes upon a grisly scene since to
frequently learn to communicate through
whipping he just tries to ask her a
simple question but with devastating
results Susan and Becks attempt to leave
but are told to stay in town until the
police have a chance to investigate
meanwhile John remembers the whip and
has a moment of inspiration rushing in
to examine little boy Giorgio's varial
drawer which is found to be empty now
realizing the mysterious killer is
Giorgio all grown up and has been in the
castle the whole time he implores the
police to search it they were a few
but that's okay they passed all the
evidence on their way in the arrest
shown on suspicion and leave a guard
behind with the ladies
they don't last long however as one
becomes victim to an exhaust hood
hanging and the other to a surprised
face eating this girl is mostly
unnoticed by Susan leading to her being
knocked unconscious
this leaves Giorgio to nab Becky at his
leisure and retreat to his hideout
Susan wakes up grabs a knife and goes
hunting meanwhile back at the station
John manages to escape the precinct
Giorgio secures his prize takes a quick
water break and then practices his new
seduction skills but is interrupted by
Susan who offers herself in in exchange
he falls for it and gets stabbed in the
back then he chases them through the
castle until eventually they end up on
the roof John arrives and attempts to
redeem himself through general heroism
but finds that only sacrifice will set
things right so he latches himself to
Giorgio and takes a flying leap which is
sad but then they just kind of head home
and that was Castle freak a movie about
a man with no penis if you enjoyed the
video I'd love for you to become a part
of the channel by subscribing thanks for
watching